Hello and welcome to this new section fully about bison in this section we're going to do our very first
steps in Python and Dyster toil.
We're going to start by of course getting by and getting the knock on the environment which I highly
recommend to start with because it basically contains all the libraries and packages you will need to
build some powerful machine learning models or data science models.
So that's definitely my best recommendation to start programming in Python.
And here we go.
That's why right now I'm on google.
Our starting point for Python.
So let's do this as I just said the first thing we're going to do is download this what we call a needy
which is Anaconda.
So an icon is built this way and can that just like the snake.
And here you take the first link Anaconda count because on this link you will find this download an
icon the Suddenlink which is the way to download an icon.
Then you need to choose your system here.
Windows Mac OS or Linux.
I'm on my quest so it automatically found my system and then you're going to download bising 3.6 and
not not and 2.7 because bison 3.6 is more advanced with some more features.
So just click on download here and it will start downloading and it kinda just sitting here and there
and it takes depending on your internet.
A couple of minutes.
All right so I'm just going to fast forward here until the download is finished and I'll see you at
Dnt.
And welcome back.
The download is finished.
Now we're ready to install an icon.
So let's go to our download folder or wherever and I can download downloaded on your system.
Let's find the installation foul.
That's double click on it and it will launch the attack on that installation.
Here you click on continue.
And then just continue continue continue you can read if you want and then agree and let's do it let's
install Anaconda.
Now the installation is on its way.
Again it's going to take some couple of minutes.
So I'll see you at.
All right.
Amazing.
Most of the installation is done.
Now here you have the option to install Microsoft vs code.
That's not necessary so you don't have to install it just press continues here and there we go.
We have an icon that installed on our machine here you can just choose to keep the installation file
or just move it to the trash.
I'm going to keep it.
We never know.
All right.
And now we have an idea but we're not going to launch and I can die right now before this we are going
to go to our desktop and create a new folder which is going to be the main folder of this course which
will contain you know all the python files we will implement.
They're actually going to be too.
But for these two files we will have a separate working directory folders because indeed when you work
in Python it's always good to work in a specific folder which we called a working directory folder.
Why is that.
It's because most of the time when you work on Python you work on a data set the data set that contains
the data on which you build your data science or machinery model.
And this data set has to be in this working directory folder.
When you know you import it or call it to feed your machinery model and that's why right now not only
we're going to create the main form of the course which we're going to call introduction to data science
or whatever name you want.
But inside is full though we're going to create these two separate working directory folders one for
regression and one for classification because indeed in this python introduction section we will solve
two problems the main data science problems which are regression and classification.
So we're going to make one separate working directory folder for regression and one other separate folder
for classification.
So let's do this right now let's start with the main folder which as we said we call introduction to
date a science writer that's demand fuller.
And inside this folder we create two separate folder one for regression and one other for classification
and there we go.
And so in these two folders we're going to have separate days of course because the problems to solve
will be different.
You will see which problems there will be in this section I can already tell you that there will be
one problem related to energy and one other problem related to health.
So we will tackle these two very different problems.
One will be a regression problem and the other one will be a classification problem.
By the way my apologies for those of you who don't know what regression and classification are regression
is when you have to predict continuous real number and classification is when you have to predict a
class or a category.
So for example regression can be predicting a salary or a temperature or any continuous measure and
classification is for example predicting the winner of a soccer game or the Super Bowl or even the president
of the United States.
So make sure you understand these two problems that we will tackle in the section.
And these are basically the main types of problem you encounter in data science and what we'll have
is in each folder we'll have a separate dataset one data set here for the regression folder and one
other data set here in the classification folder and same will create two separate bytes and files one
python file here which will be the classification model will implement in the same classification folder
that contains this data set for classification and one separate byte and file here which will contain
our regression model in the same folder that contains the data set for regression.
All right so that's the first thing you need to do before we launch.
And I can do that.
And once that's done there you go congratulations you're ready to start your very first steps in Anaconda
and therefore in Python.
And so to launch an icon that depending on your system there's several ways I'm going to start with
Windows users for Windows users you just need to go at the bottom left corner.
Click on this Windows button here then look at your list of programs and find Anaconda.
And there you will find the Anaconda navigator launch button.
Just click on it and this will launch an icon there for Linux users you will find very easily Anaconda
and your list of programs and eventually for Mac users you have two ways of launching an icon that you
can find it in the applications.
There it is.
On the navigator but that's not what I do.
I always use a shortcut.
See M.D the command key plus space that I type and Khanda navigator.
There it is.
I just press enter and there we go.
This launches Anaconda so initialising adding features loading applications loading content.
And there we go.
Welcome to Anaconda.
So as you can see Anaconda is a navigator that contains several IDs and IDs basically an interface in
which you can code some Python implementations.
Recently our studio was added to add a Condesa that you can directly install are to do with our from
Anaconda.
But originally it only contained some Python development environments and the two that I highly recommend
if you want to experiment here are Jupiter notebook which is an amazing ID on which you can also code
in that take you know to add some mathematics equations.
It's great if you want to write a research paper that includes some code and the other one that I highly
recommend and that is actually my favorite a spider spider is great because it's like a studio a very
user friendly studio to code in Python and that's by far what I recommend to start coding in Python.
And besides besides this user friendly advantage Well it's a powerful Python ID with advanced editing
interactive testing debugging and introspection features.
So let's have a look at this and let's see what it looks like.
So Spierer is launching here it is connecting to kernel.
And as I just said it really looks like a studio because here this is the editor window inside which
you know we will write the code that will execute in the end.
Here you have another window that includes file explore which contains basically all the files on your
computer.
And right now of course we're going to find our desktop folder to find our introduction to Davison's
folder which we've just created.
I'm going to stay here for now because we haven't started any regression or classification that will
be in the next tutorial but there we go you have flics floor here to find your working directory folder
which I remind is very important to create because this is the folder that will not only contain data
set that will feed your model but also your Python model.
Then you have variable Explorer which will contain all the variables you create in your implementation
and also you have help window which will give you a lot of relevant information and descriptive informations
of the different objects you use or functions or classes.
Basically all the machine learning tools will see that more in details once we start the implementations
and then here you have the console.
And basically that's where the code will be executed.
You know once we execute the code it will appear here and run here but apart from the code you can already
write some comments here.
For example you can just type here two plus two just press enter and the output is four.
You know you can add some calculous can even make it function but this is not where you write the code
to implement your model.
This is actually right here.
And the very important thing you must do here is totally ignore this temp drop your wife.
This is not the path and file in which we will implement our morals.
So what we're gonna do now is click on file here then our new file and then we were going to delete
this turned up your wife felt this was just a temporary file.
There is not much useful and that is just here before you start implementing your pipes and fell and
that is this one.
So what we're going to do now is first select everything and delete because we won't need this.
We're now going to give a title to this file.
And since we're going to start with regression in the next Statoil Well we're going to give it the title
regression and to give a title in person well you need to make it as a comment because you don't want
this title to be executed you know in the console and to make comment in Python you need to start with
a hash tag here at the beginning of the line of code and then you can add the title you want.
And so since we start with regression the title of this python file of our very first bite and file
Congratulations again is going to be regression.
And now we're going to save this byte and file indirect for there.
That is the working directory folder and that will contain the data set which will get of course in
the next Statoil.
So let's find this folder we created it just before it's in our main folder.
Introduction to data science and then regression.
All right.
Perfect.
And one last step we need to give it a name.
We need to give a name to this by and fell and we're going to call it of course we question regression
the UI.
And now you're ready to go.
It's inside our regression folder.
Perfect.
Let's click on Save and congratulations you are ready to implement your very first Python for.